# Fisher_CSCI2270_FinalProject
Alex Fisher's final project

Project Summary: My final Project will be an extension on the Graph assignment. The program will take 100+ actor names and find the Bacon numbers of the actors.
 Basically, there is a theory that there is an average 6 degrees of seperation between any two people on earth. Another person took that farther and came up with the 6 degrees of Kevin Bacon.
 Every actor on average is a 6 movie distance from a movie that Kevin bacon acted in. My program will take an actors name and return the Bacon number.
 The program will run by a text file I create so not all actors will be present, but I will try hard to create a decent sized list.

Disclaimer!: This program is not 100% accurate, I can't add all the movies in the world in the short amount of time I have. Also, I haven't figured out how to perform a google search and extract data from the internet in a c++
program yet so I cannot be 100% accurate. All Bacon numbers generated by this program will be greater than or equal to the real Bacon number of the actor.

Instructions of Use: You will be prompted for an actor's name, and it will attempt to find the Bacon number.
 If it can be found, it will return the Bacon number and the movie path between the two actors. If the actor is not already in the list,
 the program will ask you for movies you know the actor has acted in and will try to connect them, if your movie list is exhausted, no Bacon number will be returned.

Dependencies:
Movies_and_Actors.txt: provided with correct format, additions welcome.

Group Members: Me!
